Add oneAPI CI jobs (#2064)
alpaka-group/alpaka: README.md

Other compilers or combinations marked with :x: in the table above may work but are not tested in CI and are therefore not explicitly supported.

[^1]: Due to an [LLVM bug](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/58491) in debug mode only release builds are supported.
[^2]: Due to a [CUDA bug](https://github.com/alpaka-group/alpaka/issues/2035) debug builds are only supported for CUDA versions >= 11.7.
[^3]: Due to an [`icpx` bug](https://github.com/intel/llvm/issues/10711) the OpenMP back-ends cannot be used together with the SYCL back-end.

> [^4]: Currently the test cases are compiled but not executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^4]: Currently, the unit tests are compiled but not executed.
```
